
=========
MOMENTS

BROWSER SOUNDS
opening and closing windows rapidly to use their sine tone opening sounds musically

HEARTBEAT
Beginning:
video/gif of a sketched heart beating
code scrolling behind it (code of actual page?)
both stutter into color -- heart in color drawing, code in syntax highlighted, still scrolling
what code? (code of the website itself or the js library, on loop?)

SKIP
moment of fast, energetic skipping of a quicktime player

ONE WORD
brian harnetty's one-word around multiple windows

DREAMING
Dreaming of browsers
or browsing as dreaming
in animated font
2-3 windows of faces at bottom with pixelated faces or videos in slow framerate

RECURSIVE BROWSING
screen capture of me browsing to a video of a screen capture of me browsing etc etc etc -- about 20 seconds of this creating a revursiveness

MAPPING LIFE
mapping everywhere i've lived
drop an info marker
some sort of text in there -- what?



DELL ROAD
dell/mac "on" sound spectralmorphed into birds, then back, 
then into sound of wind, 
then video of driving down a road (in rain?)


LIFE
contrasting videos of tech & nature, or wiki art/life
maybe added transparent in front of a vine video of rain walking?



DESIGN FICTION
some flashing words like in Nam's class (design fiction), with a tick on each



CANDLE
Nighttime words, fullscreen black window or set of windows, one candle .mov (home recorded) in center, i.e. the feeling of lights out w/ candle.

SILENT SKIP
skipping a quicktime player full of silence -- purely visual
need a word text to accompany it that indicates this is intentional ("there is always silence")



PROUST POEM
proust poem but with new text relative to this work! (there is always motion?)


"TEXT POEM"
poem in text messages
html-gl it as water drips or pixelated



PHONE SCREENS
phone screen icons, wandering to different configurations and pairings
iphone screenshot webpage of "no government"

PHONE RING
sound of a phone ring, then pitch shifted down, through a delay
or
dialtone enters with sounds of keypressing above it, then all pitch shifted down and some other sample enters over top in harmony



Video of carrying phone walking outside, looking at phone


"NOW"
	one word ("now"?) in old splattered typewriter text on small white window
	it vibrates with small sounds
	and a siri voice saying it, but filtered through lowpass
	then a text msg window opens up, says a few small texts of poetry
		then goes berzerk texting rapidly
		a sound for each text
	the text sounds are made rapidly -- with each text
		then are filtered into a pitch
	cuts to a video -- of outside, nature


LOWLANDS
lowlands
video of her singing
synced with html5 audio player of guitar
	could load up window stacked full of quicktime players
	then have the 2 (lowlands and guitar) be the only ones thay play


"WONDERLAND"
pictures of Boston blue line Wonderland stop
getting on subway, watching subway windows fly by
sound is mac startup sound, over and over, filtered, delayed



====
TO ADD
====
birds / noise
wiki art & life

This is not my life (gif of TV violence)
This is my life (video of walking down street)

========
NOT USED
========

. ?
there is always - water, dusk, life, time, a path, 
there is never - 



CHOPPED LIEDER
one wide quicktime player with voice, but then skipping through it to make song
Inspiration from german lieder 
drone underneath for harmony

DESKTOP AUDIO
video screen capture of 3 different audio player (itunes clones) on my desktop, all playing different piano notes on shuffle or in a row. some piano, some white noise, some natural sounds. 




DANCER
A dancer silhouette in one window
	 that bumps and moves browser?
	or just a pixelated dancer?
	dancer's pixels play notes
	in combination with a quicktime drone happening underneath



RAIN
raining world with scrollers (old website)
	silent
	or except scrollbars which should make some quiet audio event on hit



MAGIC
magic trick -- a quicktime being cut in half
images of a browser being cut in half

YOUTUBE HARMONY
A youtube voice with home-done web audio giving it interesting harmony
	(need to get youtube red for this?)



SUN
custom website that is loaded:
normal webpage that transforms a div into a div into a sun and another div into land and then the sun moves over the sky and faster and faster, some text about time passing
sound mimics it: noise filtered into a note that pans

ALINA SNOW
fur alina spiegel im spiegel at end?
	loaded via youtube?
	scrollsight of video of city walkers in snow in slow mo?	fades to the whiteness of an empty browser?



FLOWER
a browser growing and blooming into color as a flower 
	this must be pre-programmed somehow
	maybe as a wall pattern?
	then could have video (with audio) inside the flower -- video of a flower? life!


LILYPOND
Generate dozens of images of very complex scores using lilypond, flash them on the webpage one by one.
	don't play them -- only bursts of noise when each hits the page
	pixelate them and then turn them into noise (because all black and white) when cycled through really fast




